Kibana known issues of 8.16.0 (#199995)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

For information about the {kib} 8.16.0 release, review the following information.

The 8.16.0 release includes the following known issues.

[float]
[[known-issues-8.16.0]]
=== Known issues

[discrete]
[[known-199902]]
.Stack Monitoring shows "Unable to load page error"
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The Stack Monitoring pages Overview, Nodes, Logs can stop working with the error "Unable to load page error". The Stack trace mentions `TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'logsLocator')`.

*Workaround* +

> None at the moment.

Reviewer: Agreed, probably worth also mentioning the security route.

For more information, refer to {kibana-issue}199902[#199902].
====

[discrete]
[[known-199891-199892]]
.Onboarding, tutorial of APM and OpenTelemetry and some "Beats Only" integrations will show the error "Unable to load page error"
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
Tutorials linked from the {kib} home page show an error "Unable to load page error". The Stack trace mentions `The above error occurred in tutorial_TutorialUi`.

*Workaround* +

> None at the moment.

Author: ```suggestion
The APM / OpenTelemetry tutorials represented a shortcut to get important parameters to use in the configuration files quickly.
It is still possible to obtain the same parameters following the documentation tutorials of APM.
```

We should add a link to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/apm-collect-application-data.html and other possible doc references on how to setup apikey / secret token and the APM endpoint of APM Server/Integration.

Reviewer 2: We should also add a link to:
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/get-started-with-fleet-apm-server.html

Reviewer: My understanding is that a very common thing for users is to use this page to obtain an API key.

They can also do this by going to `Observability > APM > Settings > Agent keys`. Should we explicitly mention this here if it's a common use case?

For information about the {kib} 8.16.0 release, review the following information.

The 8.16.0 release includes the following known issues.

[float]
[[known-issues-8.16.0]]
=== Known issues

[discrete]
[[known-199902]]
.Stack Monitoring shows "Unable to load page error"
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The Stack Monitoring pages Overview, Nodes, Logs can stop working with the error "Unable to load page error". The Stack trace mentions `TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'logsLocator')`.

*Workaround* +

> Disabling the `Set feature visibility > Logs` feature at Kibana Space settings level will prevent the error to occur. Please note the `Logs` feature will not be available on such space.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Disabling the `Set feature visibility > Logs` feature at Kibana Space settings level will prevent the error from occurring. Please note the `Logs` feature will not be available on such space.
```

> It's also possible to `Observability > Logs` feature privilege to `None` on the role level - this will hide the `Logs` feature for individual users and prevent the error for these users as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's also possible to set the `Observability > Logs` feature privilege to `None` on the role level. This will hide the `Logs` feature for individual users and prevent the error for these users as well.
```

For more information, refer to {kibana-issue}199902[#199902].
====

[discrete]
[[known-199891-199892]]
.Onboarding, tutorial of APM and OpenTelemetry and some "Beats Only" integrations will show the error "Unable to load page error"
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> Tutorials linked from the {kib} home page show an error "Unable to load page error". The Stack trace mentions `The above error occurred in tutorial_TutorialUi`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Tutorials linked from the {kib} home page show an "Unable to load page" error. The Stack trace mentions `The above error occurred in tutorial_TutorialUi`.
```

*Workaround* +

> The APM / OpenTelemetry tutorials represented a shortcut to get important parameters to use in the configuration files quickly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The APM / OpenTelemetry tutorials represented a shortcut to quickly add important parameters to the configuration files.
```

> It is still possible to obtain the same parameters following the documentation tutorials of APM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is still possible to obtain the same parameters following the tutorials in the APM documentation.
```
